Update availability of appstore connect (#3972)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/dsym.mdx

To configure the integration, go to **[Project] > Settings > Debug Files** and add App Store Connect as a new "Custom Repository". Note that setting up the integration will currently result in two identical audit entries being created.

> At the start of Early Access the App Store Connect integration is limited to a single source per project.
> Later on free tiers will remain limited to one App Store Connect source per project, Business plans will gain the ability to have multiple App Store Connect sources per project.
> Take a look at our [plans](https://sentry.io/pricing/) or contact [sales@sentry.io](mailto:sales@sentry.io) if more than one App Store Connect source is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During Early Access, App Store Connect integration is limited to a single source per project. Free subscription plans will remain limited to one App Store Connect source per project, though subscribers to our Business plan will in future be able to integrate multiple App Store Connect sources per project. You can read further about our [plans](https://sentry.io/pricing/) or contact [sales@sentry.io](mailto:sales@sentry.io) if your organization needs more than one App Store Connect source.
```

Author: @PeloWriter thanks!
